My name is Arvindon.
I work as a software engineer at Netflix.
I work on the infrastructure for Netflix's media pipeline.
This course is aimed at anyone who wants to
build production quality applications using Java.
You should take this course because it covers a broad range of
topics that a developer needs to know in their day-to-day jobs.
The one piece of information that I would tell about this course is,
it not only teaches you how to develop applications using Java,
but it also teaches you how to build and deploy them.
When recruiting a Java developer,
the hiring managers look for someone who can write
APIs and who has experience working with multiple data stores.
All of these skills are taught in this course.
You should focus on your GitHub portfolio because it
lets you demonstrate your coding skills to a hiring manager.
At Netflix, I build applications that have an API to interact with
other applications and they also store data in multiple data stores.
The most rewarding thing for me is the constant learning.
The learning never stops in this field.
When you enter this field,
you will most likely be in a team of
6-8 software engineers working on a fun and a challenging project.
I love Udacity because they teach
practical skills that are in demand in today's job market.
This course is fantastic because it teaches you
all the skills to be productive on the first day of the job.
Since Java is mostly used in building server-side applications,
a Java developer would typically be building
applications that need to scale to a large number of users.
Be curious and always be open to new ideas.